[dramatic music on TV]
- [screams]
♪
[clattering]
[door opens]
[ominous music]
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Yeah, I'll accept the charges.
- One moment, please.
- Hey, Hank, what's up, brother?
- What's up, Eddie?
- Got early release on my parole
hearing this morning.
Good behavior, with conditions.
- Hey, that's great.
When do you get out?
- Noon.
- Wow.
- That offer still stand?
- It does.
- Good. So I'll be seeing you
in a couple hours.
Hank, get that champagne
on ice, bro.
- Family's
Bill and Maureen Clifford.
14-year-old daughter, Carolyn.
Offenders came in last night
and ransacked the place.
All three reported splitting
headaches and dizziness.
- And they were home
the whole time?
- Wait till you see
what they woke up to.
[police radio chatter]
Somehow the family slept
through the entire robbery.
- Huh.
- Father had a security
camera system.
Could be something.
[ominous music]
♪
- What's with the gas masks?
- Get CFD down here.
- 19.8% oxygen levels
are lower than usual.
That means that there's
another type of gas in here.
- Offenders pumped gas in,
knocked the family right out.
- Check this out.
- Yeah.
- Duct tape?
They, uh, they ran tubing
through here
and circulated the gas
through the ventilation system.
- [sighs]
Mr. and Mrs. Clifford,
would you mind if I spoke to
your daughter for just a minute?
- Sure. Yeah.
- Of course.
- Carolyn,
will you come with me?
Listen,
I have to ask you this.
Uh...did something
happen to you last night?
It's okay,
it's just me and you here.
- I woke up with this pain
I never felt before.
I didn't know what to do,
so I changed my pajamas.
- Okay.
We're going to
get you to Chicago Med
just so they can
run a couple of tests,
make sure you're okay.
I'm going to be with you every
step of the way, all right?
It's okay.
- The rape kit will give us
more information,
but there are clear signs
of vaginal tearing and abrasion.
- What about the gas
they used?
- Tests show high levels
of nitrous oxide
in the family's bloodstream.
- Same thing dentists
and doctors use during surgery.
Or in your case,
keeps sleeping people sleeping.
- Nos has gotten huge
on the rave scene and in clubs.
Kids inhaling it to get high.
Might be where this came from.
Give me a sec.
- Thanks, Doc.
- Yeah.
[knocks on door]
- Did the doctor say
I can shower yet?
- I can't imagine
how hard this is...
but we need you to hold on
just a little bit longer.
Carolyn, I just want
to make sure you know
that none of this
is your fault, okay?
You guys have
a brave little girl here.
- Yes, we do.
- We're going to get
through this...as a family.
- I'll check on you later,
okay?
Um, my partner's going to be
outside if you need anything.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hey.
There's something
I want to check on.
Would you mind staying
with the family a bit?
- Sure thing.
- Thanks.
- I see cozy, he sees small.
I want, like, light and airy,
and he wants man cave.
I thought apartment hunting
with your fiancé's
supposed to be fun.
- Said nobody ever.
- When it comes to diamonds,
there are the four Cs:
carat, cut, clarity,
and c--and character.
- No, it's color.
It's color.
- Must be a regional thing.
God, that bling is so shiny.
I get distracted all the time.
Hey, Burgess, I'm going
to need my wedding book back
now that you and runaway groom
have kicked your date
into the next century.
- My pleasure.
- Hey, wait a minute.
I got an idea.
Help me plan my wedding.
Get a little contact high
while you wait in line.
- The fiancé and I are meeting
up with my father tomorrow
to go over the details.
- Do we get our keys now?
- Voight wants you
to make a pickup.
Grab this unmarked car
out of the pool.
You're going to Stateville.
[quietly]
Color.
Clarity.
[rock music plays]
♪
- Hey.
I need a favor.
- If I'm remembering right,
you told me you were
heading to the bar,
and the next minute, poof.
Gone.
And here I am still waiting
on that gin and tonic
five months later.
- Something came up.
- Always does.
Least you clean up nice.
No vomit in your hair
this time.
I'm pulling a double,
so whatever this is
will have to wait.
- All right.
- Seriously?
One second
we're doing shots together,
and now I'm Make-A-Wish?
It's just to help with bills
or whatever if you need it.
- Guess cops in this city
think they can buy off anybody.
- All right.
I need to score some nitrous.
- 14.
Same age as my daughter.
- All right.
So where we at, Ruzek?
- Three males,
tech lab is triangulating
height and weight
based on objects
in the residence.
- As of right now, we have
no matches of known offenders,
even with the urine sample
they so kindly left behind,
so DNA test is on rush order.
- I'll check the NCIC,
leads, CRIS system.
There's no local crews
with that MO.
- Anything from the neighbors?
- Detectives knocked
on every door.
Still got some in-service calls
to go through.
- I got word out to
a bunch of pawn shops and fences
just in case any of
the Cliffords' stuff shows up.
- Start tracking anything
with a serial number.
And I want to know if they cased
this placed beforehand.
Mouse.
- Pod footage.
Yeah, I'm on it.
I want to know everything there
is to know about this family.
Did the girl have
an ex-boyfriend?
Anybody who had access
to that property.
- The dad did tell me that they
just got renovations done
- Then get the name
of every painter,
construction worker
ever set foot on that property.
- I got a name.
Pete Damian, mid-level dealer.
Made his bones
selling rare party drugs,
Word is he just came into
a major shipment of nitrous.
- It would take six or seven
tanks to knock out the family.
- Nitrous, like whippets?
I did a bunch in college.
- Explains why
you only did one semester.
- Pete's got a reputation for
throwing massive house parties.
It's how he moves his product.
- Wouldn't be the first time
a dealer started a robbery crew.
- All right, get an address.
Bring him in.
Hey.
How's the little girl?
- She's hanging in there.
- How you doing?
We're looking for Pete Damian.
- He's at his sister's house.
Can you check back later?
- [sniffs]
Who's smoking marijuana
in here?
- I have a medical card.
- Yeah? Let's see it.
- It's in my car.
- That's not good enough.
- Hey, come on, now.
Do you even have a warrant?
- No, ma'am.
Have a seat.
There you go.
Really?
Antonio.
- No way.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Gentlemen, gentlemen.
- Come on, sit down.
- Where's the nitrous?
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
- All right.
These'll fit you, too.
- In there.
- Listen, I got 25 Gs
in the drawer right there.
All yours.
- We like to call that
"attempted bribery."
So...probably not.
- Here we go.
- Damian,
you have a medical degree?
of medical-grade nitrous oxide
at your place?
- I'm a party promoter.
- Ah.
- So certain people require,
you know, certain things.
- Except those tanks
came from a break-in
at a medical supplies warehouse
in Rockford last week.
Me, I see that much nitrous,
I'm thinking it's being used
for more than just partying.
Something like
knocking out a family
and raping a little girl
while she sleeps.
- Rape?
You--who said anything
about rape?
- Maybe the party revenue
isn't what it used to be,
so you steal the tanks, put them
to good use here in Chicago.
- Hold up, yo.
I didn't steal anything, okay?
So whatever you're
trying to connect me to,
you guys can forget it.
I bought those tanks off
some guy at one of my parties,
so if anything,
you guys should be
looking at him.
- Yeah?
This guy got a name?
- I assume he does,
but do I know it? No.
Guy was gacked
out of his mind, man.
I remember him bragging
about knocking off some place
to open a warehouse?
- Who made the introduction?
- He just found me.
It's the party circuit.
People know the name
Pete Damian.
The guy walked up to me,
he says he's selling 15 tanks
of nos cheap,
and I saw them right there
in his trunk.
Do you know how hard it is
to get tanks that size?
- How do we get in touch?
- I mean, he asked me
when my next party was.
I gave him my number.
I haven't seen him since.
- Hmm.
- Hey, so Damian's alibi
checks out.
Apparently,
he was at Highline Lounge
smacking Jack and Cokes
until 6:00 a.m.
Bartender IDed him.
- Well, he says
he's got a supplier.
Get a description,
start a composite sketch.
- There's something else,
boss.
After the Rockford robbery,
Kevin and I checked for
other warehouses that got hit
just in case this wasn't
the first one, right?
- And there was another one just
a month ago in Davenport, Iowa,
so we scoped out home invasions
in that area.
- Two within a 50-mile radius.
All the victims describe
being disoriented
and not remembering the crime,
and one is connected to
a possible sexual assault.
- One in Wisconsin.
Warehouse hit
followed by a home invasion.
- Local PD never made
the connection to gassing.
They just figured that
the victims were
confused, traumatized.
- This crew's terrorizing
their way across the country.
- Yeah, well,
Chicago's their last stop.
- Mr. Clifford.
- Yes, ah...
one of your detectives
called about a list
of all the people who had
access to our house.
This is everyone
I could think of.
- This is very helpful.
- There was also
a water delivery guy
we had up until about
six months ago or so.
I couldn't get the number,
but I'll find it.
- Thank you.
Uh, we'll go through this
and we'll call you as soon as--
- I'm not going anywhere.
- Sir, we've got this now.
It's okay to go home
and be with your family.
- No. I'm staying
right here...
until you arrest
the monster
who did this
to my daughter.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Okay.
- All right,
start making some calls.
You're throwing a party
tonight.
- Is this a trick?
- You said this guy was asking
about your next party.
You're going to draw him out,
and then you're going to
ID him for us.
- Okay, look,
if we're doing this,
I'm going to need 24 hours.
- You got 6.
- And what if the guy
doesn't show up?
What if he decides to stay home
and watch Netflix instead?
Then what?
- You have any idea what
that little girl went through?
Now, you're going to
find this guy for me,
or me and you are going to
take a ride, you understand?
- [grunts]
- Thanks for the ride.
- Yeah, no sweat.
- So who's the one dragging
his feet with the nuptials?
- Oh, my--
- Hey.
You out of your mind?
Look at her.
She's a peach.
- Yes, absolutely.
- You and me
are gonna have a talk later.
- It was a long ride.
- Hey, you must be Erin.
'cause Hank would come back
with a big grin on his face.
- It's nice to finally
meet you, Eddie.
- A lot of people
don't show up, you know.
- Eddie.
- There he is.
- Great to see you.
Come on in.
- Oh, all right.
- Hey.
Who is that?
- That's Voight's roommate
from Stateville.
Great guy.
- Oh.
Okay.
- I'm sorry I didn't
pick you up myself.
I got caught up in a case.
- It's not a problem.
They're good kids.
Look at you.
Happy for you, bro.
- Yeah, things worked out.
- Oh, hey, the Preacher says hi,
before I forget.
- That is a name
I haven't heard in a while.
How is he?
- Ah, you know,
same old Preacher.
Scheming and dreaming.
- Listen, I talked to a friend
of mine about getting you a job.
I got a lead on an apartment.
- Who am I talking to?
Am I--are you my friend,
my parole officer?
Come on, I'm just
stretching my legs here.
- Whenever you're ready.
- I got my girl
picking me up here.
- Look at you.
- Yeah, I know, right?
Pen pal deal, but it's real.
It is.
She's got a daughter,
head screwed on straight,
she doesn't break my balls,
not yet anyway.
I got to make this work
this time, Hank, I really do.
I'm ready for a normal life.
I am.
I really am.
- Well...
I'ma do everything I can
to help you
make that happen, Eddie.
- All right, well,
check in tomorrow?
- Any time.
- All right.
- Hey, you now, you were right.
She is a peach.
You got me there.
- All right, Damian's
got everything set
for this blowout tonight.
Word's out online.
- All right, the plan's simple:
keep eyes on Damian,
he locates the target.
Soon as he gives the signal,
tail him,
see if it leads
to the other guys.
Kevin, you hear back
from that contractor?
- Yes, sir, I have an
electrician with a few priors
and a plumber who did time
for assault and battery.
- All right, see if either
of 'ems got a history
in Wisconsin or Iowa.
Let's get suited up.
[thumping dance music]
♪
- Hey, so, uh,
discussing our relationship
with an ex-con, huh?
- We started talking.
It came up.
Eddie's a nice guy.
Kim, he wants to have, like,
a "talk" with me later.
- Yeah, well,
he does have a point.
I mean, our wedding is still
this amorphous thing
and Platt is, like,
halfway to the altar by now.
- Oh, my God, are we racing
with Platt and Mouch now?
- You know what, can we talk
about this when we get home?
I mean, to your place?
Whatever?
♪
- Hey, yo J,
I got Damian coming your way.
- Hey, man.
[dance music continues]
[crowd whooping]
Hey. Hey.
Can I borrow this dimepiece
for a second?
♪
He just got here.
That's him right there.
See him?
- Uh-huh.
♪
- All right.
- Guy that just walked by,
black button-down, brown hair.
- I'll cover the back.
♪
- What's wrong?
Come on, get up.
Are you okay?
- Excuse me, guys.
- Will somebody get some help
out there--come on!
- Okay, out of the way.
Out of the way.
- We need some help here.
- Back up--give her some room.
- Hey, hey,
what's going on?
- She's fine--
she's gonna be fine.
- Let me see. Hey.
- Back off.
She's my girlfriend.
- I'm calling an ambulance.
- Relax, man, I'm a cop.
[man shouts indistinctly]
What did she take?
- I--I don't--
- What did she take? Come on.
- Some H.
She's been drinking.
- Kevin!
We gotta get her out of here.
Come on.
- Paramedics are on their way.
- Come on.
- Police are here!
- Where'd he go?
- I'm not sure.
- Let's go, let's go!
[crowd commotion grows]
[overlapping chatter]
- Stop! CPD!
Out of my way.
[exciting music]
- What--
- Hey...
- Aah!
- [grunts]
- Get off me!
- Keep fighting--
see what happens!
- Come here.
Get out.
You good?
Good job, buddy.
Come on.
Up you go.
- Hey--
- Come on.
Keep walkin', pal.
- Cameron Spence.
- Let me lay this out
for you.
Somebody gassed a family
and raped a young girl,
and I think you had
something to do with it.
- Based on what?
- The fact that you're sitting
there in front of me.
- I didn't touch any girl.
- Come on Spence, then who did?
You want to lay it off
on one of your idiot friends,
now's the time to do it.
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
- Give me the keys.
See, that ain't going to cut it,
kitten.
- Hey, Sarge.
- Yeah.
- We got a second home invasion,
same MO,
and, uh,
there's a second girl.
- Her name is Tawny Darrens.
She was staying at an Airbnb
in Lincoln Park.
When we got there this morning,
she was pretty out of it.
But she says she was--
- Right. Thanks.
- Yeah.
- Tawny?
I'm Detective Dawson.
This is Detective Lindsay.
- Can you tell us
what happened?
- Um...
I got dinner with a friend
I'm visiting,
and I went to bed around...
9:30, maybe 9:45.
And then around 11:00,
I wake up to see these guys
standing in my room.
- You saw them?
- I don't think they meant
for that to happen,
'cause they pulled
their masks down
and I heard one of them
say he needed more gas.
- You saw their faces?
- The lights were on,
but...
my covers were up enough
that they didn't see me,
so I pretended to be asleep and
eventually I passed out again.
I didn't wake up
until this morning.
- Were you awake when they--
- No, thank God.
But when I woke up,
there was this...pain.
I knew what they did to me.
Thought I picked
a safe neighborhood.
I just came to look
at grad schools.
- You, uh...
you sure it was 11:30
when you saw them?
- Mm-hmm, I remember because
the clock on my bedside table
was so bright
when I first opened my eyes.
- And you got a good look
at their faces?
- Hard as I try,
I'll never forget them.
- Can you tell me
if this is
one of the men you saw?
- No.
I'm sorry, he's definitely
not one of them.
- I want badge numbers
from all of you.
You're lucky if I don't sue
every one of your asses
for false accusation.
- Yeah, not sure
if that's a crime,
but we'll be sure to lawyer up.
- We got two home invasions
and two rapes in Chicago
alone,
and we just kicked
our only suspect.
- Based on Tawny's description,
we're looking
for two Latino males
and a white guy with a beard.
- I cross-referenced
the description
of everybody
who worked on the condo,
so I should have a name soon.
- We're still waiting on the
results from Tawny's rape kit,
but her blood test did come back
positive for nitrous oxide.
- You know what I don't get?
Tawny was a post-grad
staying at an Airbnb.
She didn't have anything
valuable, you know,
so why target her?
- Hey, guys.
So I'm going through pod footage
of the Cliffords' neighborhood
leading up to the robbery.
not until I had a second
incident to compare it to.
There's a 2003 black Suburban
parked outside of both condos
the day before the robbery.
Ran the plates, came back with
one Ty Henley out of Des Moines.
Five years ago
he was a person of interest
in two sexual assault cases
out of Wisconsin.
- Mouse, track his phone,
credit cards,
anything that'll lead to him.
Ruzek, get a beat
on that Suburban.
- Need to get a photo
set in front of Tawny
so she can ID him for us.
- Thank you.
Guys, that's Chicago Med.
They said Tawny just left.
- Yeah, I did, and apparently
now she's not responding.
- Mouse...
- Yeah.
- Ping that phone
right now.
I want a location.
- Yeah, I'm on it.
- We need that ID.
- Hi.
- Did you find them?
- Not yet,
but we will.
- When?
- I can't give you
an exact time.
We made a lot of
progress.
- Someone who worked
in my house?
- No, it's not looking
like that.
Do you trust me,
Mr. Clifford?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Then go home
to your family.
- I was in
the next room over.
How could I let this
happen to my daughter?
- There is nothing that
you could have done about this.
Please do not do this
to yourself.
- Detective,
I got a location on Tawny.
- Bill.
Go home.
Your family needs you.
[dramatic music]
♪
- Detective Lindsay.
- Hey, is everything okay?
Why did you leave
the hospital?
- The nurse said I could.
Was I not supposed to?
- It's all right.
Whose house is this?
- Crashing with a friend.
- Okay.
Well, we have a lead,
and I was hoping you could
look at some photos for me.
- Of course.
Come in.
- I'm not getting anywhere
with the Suburban.
I ran it through all
the plate-reading programs.
I got nada.
- Ty Henley
did a semester at UW Madison.
Isn't that where Spence
is from?
- Puts them in
the same place.
- Whoa.
Spence's apartment listing
in Madison--
look at the other name
on the lease.
- Mouse, pull up the security
cam footage from the Cliffords'.
All right, freeze there.
Yeah, zoom in.
- Is that Tawny?
- Could be.
- Before we go down
a rabbit hole,
this girl had clear signs
of sexual assault
and nitrous oxide
in her bloodstream.
You're suggesting
she did that to herself?
- Tawny stages the whole thing?
As soon as we arrest Spence,
she calls in a fake timeline
and boyfriend walks.
- Lindsay's with Tawny
right now.
- I remember he had
darker hair than that.
- Take your time.
- That could be him.
[phone vibrates]
- Oh!
Ahh!
[muffled groaning]
- Mmm.
Hmm.
- Let's just put a bullet
through her head...
get it over with.
- Killing a cop?
That's suicide.
- So is kidnapping one.
- Either way,
we got to get out of here.
- Let's leave her.
She chokes before somebody
finds her, then c'est la vie.
- I'm going to go pack up.
- All right.
- I just need a minute.
- Are you serious?
- Get out or watch.
Up to you.
- Lindsay's phone
is still at the location.
- All right,
got it, thanks.
Left on Wabash.
- [coughs]
[groaning]
- Relax.
- [muffled screaming]
[gas hisses]
[groans]
Ahh!
Ahh...
Shhh...
- Drop the knife!
- Walk out--now!
- Drop it.
- You want to see her
neck sl--
[gunshot]
- [muffled groaning]
- You all right?
You okay?
- Spence and Tawny are here.
- Antonio, one offender down.
Find the other two.
- Don't move.
[tires squeal]
- Move. Move!
- Find Spence.
[tense music]
- [murmurs]
- Clear.
I got him out the back.
Stop--police!
[tires squeal]
- Stay down!
- Damn!
- You got to be kidding me.
Go, go.
[gunshots]
[exciting music]
♪
- Turn around!
Turn around!
Don't move!
You all right?
- Yeah, you good?
- Yeah.
Get up.
[police radio chatter]
- Spence met Tawny at rehab,
Henley at UW.
Started knocking over places
for kicks.
Extra drug money,
that sort of thing.
- Your idea?
- Hers.
- Hey.
Hey!
Do you know
that little girl was 14?
- [spits]
- Hey, hey, come on.
- Stop! Stop!
- Hey, hey!
- [groans]
I'm fine.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Bitch.
- Good job.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
- Promise me one thing?
Never go in
without backup again.
- Yeah.
- I mean it, like not even
to give a parking ticket.
That goes for all of us.
- I'm already kicking
myself.
It's just that that girl...
I don't know.
I bought it.
- We all did.
All right, lecture over.
You want to get a beer?
- Definitely.
I got to go deliver
some good news first.
- I'm so sorry, Hank.
I would have prepared something
other than spaghetti and Ragu.
- Everything was delicious.
- I remember the first letter
she ever wrote to me.
Maybe two, three lines in,
Audrey comes right out with it.
She says,
"I'm not into criminals,
and I don't believe
in rehabilitation."
[laughter]
- Then why'd you write him?
- Your Aunt Lisa said he was
a good guy in a bad situation.
- And for once,
I think she was right.
People meet all kinds of ways,
I guess.
- Yeah, I met my wife 'cause
a guy tried to commit suicide.
Yeah, I'd been on patrol
maybe a year.
This jumper had shut down
the Blue Line.
We were all stuck
under the river for hours.
But, uh, couple seats down,
one of the cars is
the most beautiful college girl
I'd ever seen.
I mean, I walk up to her,
ask her what she's studying
and...
six months later
we're married.
[laughter]
- To family and friends.
- Hey.
Eddie.
It's real good you got somebody
you can lean on.
It's going to help.
I'm happy for you.
Audrey's brother's got a boat
rental business down in Florida.
Says I can get in on it.
- Okay.
- Well, the thing is,
I'm going to need a chunk
of change to get down there,
make it happen.
- You just got out
two days ago.
You don't want your eyes
getting too big.
- All right, look...
if I got info
on a big score going down,
CIs get what these days?
10%?
- Eddie.
You want to be careful now,
okay?
You don't want to get back
in the game.
Doesn't matter what side
you're on.
- Just answer the question,
Hank.
- Yeah, 10%.
- All right.
Maybe I'll call you
tomorrow.
[music in background]
[overlapping chatter]
- So the girl faked the rape.
- Yeah,
that's what she said.
- Doesn't get more twisted
than that.
- Please tell me
you dragged him out in cuffs.
- Yeah, we got two of 'em,
and then, uh,
Halstead put a bullet
in the raper's head.
- So, Dad, a couple
of the wedding vendors
are waiting for deposits
to be paid,
um, the venue, for starters,
and the caterer,
and the florist.
- Ahh, here we are.
Sustenance.
- Here you go,
30-year-old Ballantine.
Haven't sold one of those in...
Ever.
120 even.
- Start a tab?
If it's all right.
- You can start
whatever you want.
Just keep ordering.
- To my future father-in-law
and his exquisite taste
in aged whiskey.
- So, Dad,
I called your secretary.
These were supposed to be
paid two weeks ago,
and she is giving me
the run-around,
so would you please remind her
or kick her hard?
- Old Frannie.
My strength at the gates.
Had to let her go today.
Pumpkin, I have experienced
some...
reversals.
My resort play in Florida
is upside down,
and as of Friday,
in federal bankruptcy court.
And in the name
of full disclosure,
there was a woman who wasn't
so honest about her agenda.
I won't bore you
with the details.
And the wedding is,
well,
you're on your own.
- What?
- Pumpkin, I'm broke.
Been here before,
and I'll be here again.
- So, the check?
You want to split it or...
You know what, sir?
I got it.
[somber music]
- She's in the guest
room.
She won't even
go back in hers.
[tinny music
playing]
- Hey.
- May I?
- Don't tell me they need
to do another test,
'cause I...
- We got him.
He's never gonna hurt
anybody again.
[somber music]
♪
It's okay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org